-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1

Font: Far East (fareast.ttf)
Created By: Matthew Welch
E-Mail: daffy-duck@worldnet.att.net
Web Address: http://home.att.net/~daffy-duck
             (PGP public key available here)

Far East, like all of my fonts, is free.  You can use it for any
personal or business uses you'd like, and I ask for no money.  I
would, however, like to hear from you.  If you use my fonts for
something please send me a postcard or e-mail letting me know how
you used it.  Send me a copy if you can or let me know where I can
find your work.

If you use this font for commercial purposes please credit me in
at least some little way.

About the font:

Amaze your friends.  Astound people with your linguistic Acumen.
Explain to them that on a recent trip to the far east you discovered
the secret of easily understanding this writing.  Then simply tilt
your head to the left and read it plain as day.

You see, this font is really just the Latin alphabet made to look
like an exotic far east script and tilted on its side.  Use all caps
to achieve this effect and write your text vertically, from bottom
to top.  For instance, if you wanted your text to say "your name
here" you would write it like this:

R E E
U M R
O A E
Y N H

This font is not strictly a monospace font, but all the characters
are the same width except for the space, which is half the width.
Using '\' will produce a full sized space.

This font can also be written out horizontally, which is easier for
graphics programs or if you just want to write with this font
normally.  But what fun would that be?  The right side up characters
are the lower case.

Numbers are available also.  The actual numbers are right-side-up.
The sideways ones are the symbols for each number key.  It's the
shifted number, kind of like a capital letter, see.

)!@#$%^&*(
0123456789



-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: PGP for Personal Privacy 5.0
Charset: noconv

iQA/AwUBNZBIV+EM8BJ4ZA+2EQKOTwCfdBgEI2Y2gQYwEKFikOme/JUmfeYAn0ZD
vcOPCAb1OVqtKf5ZGcWER2e/
=LpHH
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
